hey everybody welcome to impact books
today we are gonna be talking about the
amazing book wake up happy by none other
than my boy Michael Strahan I am really
excited about this book the highest
praise that I can give any book is that
if you use the advice in it your life
will actually be better those are gonna
be the books that we constantly bring on
the show and it is so true --of wake up
happy
he's organized the book into the Strahan
rules which of the rules that he
believes that if you actively put into
your life will bring about the most
amount of happiness now - core this book
is about hard work and transformation
being the keys to happiness I was really
pleasantly surprised by that notion
because I actually believe that that's
really incredibly true alright impactful
takeaway number one happiness is a
choice that is one to write down and he
goes into an amazing level of detail in
this book happiness isn't a finish line
it's not something that you get across
and you finish and then you're done it's
something you have to think about each
and every day and in the book Strahan
talks about asking himself a question
how am I going to get to happy today and
that notion of making it a daily journey
for me was just a showstopper I think
it's absolutely brilliant it's gonna be
one of the things that you love about
this book
alright impact moment number two Strahan
talks a lot about working hard it's not
a message you exactly expect to find in
a book about happiness but it is an
absolute cornerstone to what I'll call
framework happiness now these are my
words but definitely what he was getting
at there's two types type one is
momentary happiness a bowl of ice cream
right a bowl of ice cream is awesome and
if you're having a bad day man and you
eat a bowl of ice cream I can put you in
an fMRI scanner and see the dopamine
rush
see how it's cheering you up which is
exactly how people get themselves in
trouble but it's very real and it really
can put you in a better mood but it's
really transient and it goes away the
second kind that Michael spends an
inordinate amount of time very
powerfully going through in the book is
what I call framework happiness
framework happiness is born of
discipline because that's one thing that
wake up happy makes abundantly clear
happiness is something that you can work
towards it isn't something that you
either
having don't it's actually something
that you actively cultivate in your life
all right impact moment number three
Strahan goes ham from start to finish
and hearing the stories of how hard this
guy goes in his life was so incredibly
inspiring and one of the ones that
really hit me was that he wouldn't let
his coaches pull him out of the game
even if there was no way they could win
so imagine that there's no way you can
win you're one of the star players you
know you're gonna lose that game and he
would stay out there going just as hard
as if it were the Superbowl game because
to him that was the only way to show
true leadership and for him that was the
only way to be the kind of person that
he wanted to be and he talks about doing
the work being excellent and that for
him that's the key to success all right
this book is absolutely chock-full of
really impactful quotes and key
takeaways but here are just a few of the
amazing quotes out of this book
happiness is in and of itself a choice
that you make every day that concept of
happiness being a choice is a theme that
runs through the book it's a theme that
really has been important in my life to
understand that none of this stuff just
happens all right quote number two as
human beings we have an innate desire to
achieve that was something that really
stopped me in my tracks that to me is
the quote that people need to remember
innate in you is a desire to do
something great and Strahan walks you
through how to leverage that to
accomplish something
all right next quote it's not that I
don't have any doubts it's that I don't
succumb to them this is such an
incredible concept
he says 95% of his life he's scared he
just doesn't stop because of it he tries
to isolate and understand what scares
him and what he's gonna need to do to
push through it it's really really
powerful to watch him reinvent himself
overcome the fear and move forward and I
think that's something that we can all
learn some
readily powerful lesson all right I took
a lot away from this book he doesn't
skim across the surface and he really
gets to the foundation of what it is
that makes people happy and that is
where Strahan absolutely crushes it and
delivers something way beyond my
expectations he spends the majority of
the book talking about hard work routine
discipline and grit in a book titled
wake up happy alright reinvention is
another amazing theme that comes up in
the book that I thought was really
incredible and it's such a great
reminder for all of us to know that at
anytime whether you have the skills or
not you can set yourself down a path
that is totally different from where you
are today what we talk about here at
impact theory is it doesn't matter who
you are today
it only matters who you want to become
and the price that you're willing to pay
to get there and Strahan details the
path of how you can do that in order to
accomplish what you want all right the
final thing that I want to talk about is
that happiness is something that you
work on daily it's not a finish line
that you cross you have to recognize
that it comes from setting goals and
seeing things through and that if you do
that if you put in the work if you have
the discipline if you cultivate the
discipline and build the habits that you
need to go to understand that it's not
if it's when that you'll actually have a
chance to experience real happiness I
cannot recommend this book highly enough
the advice is real he goes deep dealing
with the state of modern neuroscience
the psychological studies driving
people's understanding of the field the
book feels both well-researched and
alive with his personal stories and on
top of that you can feel stray hands
magnetic personality on every page of
the book and given his amazing history
of success in so many different areas
the advice comes across with real weight
I want to leave you with one more quote
this is from a coach of stray hands who
used to be really tough on him and he
said the juice is worth the squeeze and
what he meant by that
to find out you have to read the book
all right guys go get a copy of it today
it really is amazing you're going to
love it and if you put the advice to use
in your life I promise you it is gonna
change your life
and you really will wake up happy I have
my friends until next time be legendary
take care
[Music]
you